Release 1.15.0
Select Object Content feature
Mend scan changes

Release 1.14.0
Object lock feature

Release 1.13.2
Update log4j to 2.17.1

Release 1.13.1
Update log4j to 2.15.0

Release 1.13.0:
Support for partial MPU support
Support for Squid proxy

Release 1.12.2:
Add support for Java 17

Release 1.12.1:
Fix split with filter option

Release 1.12.0:
Add object versioning support
Suppress IllegalReflectiveAccess warnings in OG for JDK9+

Release 1.11.0:
Add Object Tag operations.
 PUT object with tags
 PUT tags
 Get tags
 Delete tags


Release 1.10.0:
Parse credentials file to handle multiline json
Add static website read support
Abort MPU sessions when stopping if configured
Add Poisson process scheduler
Fix credentials file parsing for empty line

Release 1.9.0:
update userguide
Add read range header support
Add object file shuffle feature in object file

Release 1.8.7:
Changes:
Add support for Java 11
 The VM options are adjusted for GC based on the java version
fix incorrect credentials for container listing
Added osuffix (additional static suffix) when using object names with configured prefix / suffix
  The resulting object name will be of the form <prefix><suffix><osuffix>. See Userguide.
Add delete_container_lifecycle operation
Add timestamps to STDOUT console log

Release 1.8.6:
Changes:
Add MultiDelete Operation.
Note: currently only this is supported for objects from single bucket. The input object file *SHOULD* only
contain objects from single bucket. Otherwise, the objects could be inadverdently deleted from the local
object file.

Release 1.8.5:
Changes:
Fix aws list url breaking aws signature
Add sample interval log record in userguide
Add shutdown timeout parameter. OG will wait after calling closing apache client. If the connections are open still
  they will be force terminated.
Fix og script to check symlink to latest run log directory

Release 1.8.4
Changes:
Add source_container and source_object properties in WriteCopy operation
Support Indefinite retention (retention period -2)
List operation changes:
  Add prefix property - A weighted choice list of prefixes
  Add delimiter property - A weighted choice list of delimiter character
  See List configuration section in UserGuide
Write, MultipartWrite, Overwrite operation changes:
    Octal Object naming mode Option -  Generated object name contains characters in octal character set [0 -7]
    Set Delimiter character in object name. See Operation Delimiter Character section in UserGuide

Fix Overwrite operation sse-c property binding

UserGuide updates

Release 1.8.3
Changes:
Add weighted_parameters to the list operation. Query Parameters with weighted choice of values can be specified. For example, multiple max_keys count can be specified for the list operation.

Add interval logging to console and og log. stats_log_interval property can be added at the at the og configuration top level. The minimum value should be 10 seconds. By default, interval logging is disabled.

Update Apache http client library to 4.5.6

Fix apache client thread pool size increase without bounds

Add PUT and GET container protection operations

Release 1.8.2
Changes:
Add max_keys in the s3 list request to request log entry

Release_1.8.1
Changes:
Add null check for DETELE and METADATA object size when logging to request log file

Release_1.8.0
New Features:
Add support for F1240 Archive Tier Support
Changes:
Fixed request log to print correct scheme (HTTP/HTTPS) based on setting in config file
Add units for client read, write throughput and connect, so timeout

Release_1.7.0
New Features:
Add support for s3 listing v2
Record object-size for metadata request in request log

Release 1.6.1
New Features:
Add Object prefix configuration in retention extenstion

Release 1.6.0
New Features:
Add Retention Extension support
Changes:
Prune summary output in console log

Release 1.5.0
Changes:
Added IAM authentication mode. HTTPS scheme is required for this feature.
Valid tokens have to be provided to OG since automatic token refreshing is not yet supported.

Release 1.4.2
Changes:
Add content-md5 header in Multipart Complete request.
Send Multipart Abort if part upload returns error
Do not remove object from ObjectManager if DELETE response code is not 204.
Fix Object name corruption while borrowing objects from other object file during object file persistence.
Add deleted_object_length for DELETE operation in request.log
Update userguide: content_md5, write_legalhold, delete_legalhold, read_legalhold operations, secure connections.

Release 1.4.1
Changes:
Fix defect in ObjectManager. When a partially written object file is used, the version header was appended
to it. This caused object to be interpreted incorrectly and corrupted. The version header is added only for
a new object file.

Release 1.4.0
New Features:
Support WORM operations
New operations added Add Legalhold,  Delete Legalhold, Read Legalholds, Write retention

Changes:
custom fileSize config per operation
Updated write operation to include optional legalhold or retention period
Object Manager adds a new version header field to track the object file version.
The current version is 2.0. Two new fields have been to add to the object - no. of legalholds and
retention period.
Object Manager will read older object files (pre-worm) and convert them them to 2.0 on the fly.
object-file has been enhanced to filter based on retention and legalholds
object-file has been updated to read to read both pre-worm (considered as 1.0 format) and 2.0 format
object files.
object-file file script input files must be given as list of params to the object-file. Atleast one
input file for processing must be given.


Release 1.3.0
New Features:
Serverside Encryption with Client provided keys
Add sse-c support for write, read, overwrite, writecopy, multipartwrite operations

Changes:
Update total bytes sent for MultipartWrite total bytes in summary
Add latest symlink to the latest log folder


Release 1.2.0
New Features:
  Enhanced Multipart writes functionality with ability to set maximum parallel sessions and maximum simultaenous parts per session
Changes:
  Remove constraint for i/o operation mix weights to sum to 100.0
